Dashboard for signac 1.8 (#171)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/dashboard.rst

Searching jobs
--------------

The search bar accepts queries like the ``signac find`` command line tool, including the query namespaces ``'sp.'`` and ``'doc.'``.

> Simple queries can be entered readably like **"sp.a 1 doc.b 2"**. This example will return all jobs where the job statepoint ``a`` has the value ``1`` and the job document ``b`` has the value ``2``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple queries can be entered readably, for example **"sp.a 1 doc.b 2"**. This example will return all jobs where the job statepoint ``a`` has the value ``1`` and the job document ``b`` has the value ``2``.
```

Author: I like pointing out it is an eg.
Also trying to remove the word "simple"

```suggestion
Queries checking for values can be entered without the JSON formatting (for example **"sp.a 1 doc.b 2"**). This example will return all jobs where the job statepoint ``a`` has the value ``1`` and the job document ``b`` has the value ``2``.
```
